Make example obsolete (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/obsolete-how-to-print-the-aspxscheduler-using-a-report-preview: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1625)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> ⛔ DEPRECATED. This example demonstrates how to use `ASPxDocumentViewer` to print the `ASPxScheduler` control's data. Starting with v23.1, the `ASPxDocumentViewer` class become obsolete. We recommend that you use the [ASPxWebDocumentViewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/XtraReports/DevExpress.XtraReports.Web.ASPxWebDocumentViewer) class instead. Refer to the following breaking change ticket for more information: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⛔ DEPRECATED. This example demonstrates how to use `ASPxDocumentViewer` to print `ASPxScheduler` control data. Starting with v23.1, the `ASPxDocumentViewer` class became obsolete. We recommend that you use the [ASPxWebDocumentViewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/XtraReports/DevExpress.XtraReports.Web.ASPxWebDocumentViewer) class instead. Refer to the following breaking change ticket for more information: 
```

> * [The ASPxDocumentViewer and ReportViewer classes became obsolete (Updated on May 31, 2023)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/bc4904/the-aspxdocumentviewer-and-reportviewer-classes-became-obsolete-updated-on-may-31-2023)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [The ASPxDocumentViewer and ReportViewer classes are obsolete as of v23.1 (updated on May 31, 2023)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/bc4904/the-aspxdocumentviewer-and-reportviewer-classes-became-obsolete-updated-on-may-31-2023).
```
